Add content to Angular Roadmap - Understanding Basics (#2005)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/104-angular/content/102-angular-basics/101-angular-components.md

> # Angular Components
> 
> Components in angular are considered as the main UI building block for building Angular applications.
> 
> Each Component in an Angular application contains the following:-
> 1. HTML Template
> 2. TypeScript Class
> 3. CSS Selector 
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Website' href='https://angular.io/guide/component-overview'>Angular Components Overview</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Documentation' href='https://material.angular.io/components/categories'>Components | Angular Material</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.simplilearn.com/tutorials/angular-tutorial/angular-components'>Introduction to Angular Components and How to Implement It?</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5PZwb4XurU'>Getting Started with Standalone Components in Angular</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qkk9giUxIHs&t=7s'>Angular Components</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Angular Components

Components are the main building block for Angular applications. Each component consists of:

* An HTML template that declares what renders on the page
* A TypeScript class that defines the behavior
* A CSS selector that defines how the component is used in a template
* Optionally, CSS styles applied to the template

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Website' href='https://angular.io/guide/component-overview'>Angular Components Overview</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5PZwb4XurU'>Standalone Components in Angular</BadgeLink>
```
